on me. I didn't step on you. Ms. Emily, you are so rude. Is this how the Anderson
family treats their most esteemed guests? The Anderson Imperial Hotel treats people
with respect and kindness. We don't tolerate this kind of behavior.
Sophia, Emily, Sophia, Emily. Sophia, we heard that Alex fled from the wedding. What was the reason?
Some say you're harassing Anderson's staff here on behalf of the Taylor family. Is that true?
You should ask this wannabe Anderson about that. Emily, I know you envy Alex and target me for it,
but we have a great relationship and you don't see a chance between our love.
Emily, is it true that you intervene causing the wedding to be canceled? What?
Emily and I had nothing to do with the Walton Taylor wedding fiasco.
In fact, Emily and I are planning a wedding of our own.
We'll be more details to come, so please give us patience.
Come on. Sophia, Sophia, Sophia, Emily, Emily, Emily.